1.What are the six combinations of access modifierkeywords and what do they do?
a.Public: memebers can be accessible anywhere
b.Protected: members can be accessible inside the current class and child class
c.Internal: members are accessible in the same assembly (or namespace)
d.Private: members accessible only in the current class
e.Protected Internal: members accessible to the current assembly or types derived from the class
f.Private Protected: members accessible to the current assembly and types derived from the class

2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied  to a type member?
- static: static class cannot be inherited, cannot be instantiated, and only contain static members
- const: not a variable, and cannot be modified
- readonly: once the object is fully constructed, that field cannot be pointed to a new value

3.What does a constructor do?
It is used to create an object of the class and initialize class member

4.Why is the partial keyword useful?
Enable us to define a class across different files

5.What is a tuple?
store multiple items in a single variable
e.g. Tuple<int, string, string> person = new tuple <int, string, string>
6.What does the C# record keyword do?
a reference type with value-based equality

7.What does overloading and overriding mean?
Method Overloading-
When we have multiple method in same class is method overloading. 
They have same signature(modifiers and method name). 
It is a compile time polymorphism.
Method Overriding-
Method overriding happens between base and child class.
 Same method signature, child class provide different implementation. 
This is a run time polymorphism.

8.What is the difference between a field and a property?
Fields should be kept private to a class and accessed via get and set properties. 

9.How do you make a method parameter optional?
give default value and put it at the end of parameters of a function

10.What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface is a collection of methods which are by default abstract and public and will be implemented by the derived class.

Difference between Abstract class and interface-
1. Abstract class provides a base class to its subclass.
Interface defines common behaviors or functionalities that can be implemented by any class.
2. One class can inherit from one abstract class, but one class can implement multiple interfaces.
3. Methods in abstract class can be abstract methods or non-abstract methods.
Methods in interfaces are by default abstract and public.

11.What accessibility level are members of an interface?
By default public

12.True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations of the same method.
True

13.True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method.
True

14.True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method.
False

15.True/False. Abstract methods can be used in anormal (non-abstract) class.
False

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class.
True

17.True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
True

18.True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class.
False

19.True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non  abstract in the base class.
False

20.True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members of the interface.
False

21.True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the interface.
True

22.True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False.

23.True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True