1.What type would you choose for the following “numbers”? 
A person’s telephone number: string
A person’s height:byte
A person’s age: byte
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer): char
A person’s salary: double 
A book’s ISBN: string 
A book’s price: double 
A book’s shipping weight: double 
A country’s population: uint 
The number of stars in the universe: ulong 
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the United Kingdom 
(up to about 50,000 employees per business): ushort
 
2.What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? 
What is boxing and unboxing?
Difference between value type and reference type
1. value type will directly hold the value, 
while reference type will hold the memory address or reference for the value.
2. value type are stored in sticky memory while reference type will be stored in heap memory
3. value type will not be collected by garbage collector, while reference type will be.
4. value type will be created by struct, enum, while reference type can be created by class, interface,
delegate or array
5. value type cannot accept null values, but reference type can accept null values

Boxing: convert value type to reference type
Unboxing: convert reference type to value type

3.What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resources are the resources that are managed by CLR. The CLR handles the memory management.
When an object is no longer needed it is cleaned up by garbage collector.
 
Unmanaged resources are resources that are crated and managed outside CLR. 
The coder has to take responsibility of memory management 

4.Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
a. Garbage Collector is an automatic memory manager, we don't neeed to manually release memory
b. Allocated objects on managed heap efficiently
Generation 0: youngest object
Generation 1: short lived object
Generation 2: long lived object 